Update NIC release notes for 2026-lts-r3 (#2134)
nginx/documentation: content/nic/lts/install/images/registry-download.md

Next, pull the image from `private-registry.nginx.com`. 

> Replace `<version-tag>` with the specific version you need, for example, `2026-lts-r3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<version-tag>` with the specific version you need, for example, `{{< nic-lts-version >}}`.
```

{
  "name": "nginx-ic/lts/nginx-plus-ingress",
  "tags": [

>     "2026-lts-r3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "{{< nic-lts-version >}}"
```

   docker login <my-docker-registry>
   ```

> 1. Tag and push the image. Replace `<my-docker-registry>` with your registry's path and `<version-tag>` with the version you're using, for example `2026-lts-r3`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Tag and push the image. Replace `<my-docker-registry>` with your registry's path and `<version-tag>` with the version you're using, for example `{{< nic-lts-version >}}`:
```

> 1. Tag and push the image. Replace `<my-docker-registry>` with your registry's path and `<version-tag>` with the version you're using, for example `{{< nic-lts-version >}}`:

Reviewer 2: might need review in other places (and maybe outside of the scope of this PR)

The current guidance for placeholder is <ALL-CAPS-WITH-DASHES>

so this should be `<MY-DOCKER-REGISTRY>` , etc

Author: i agree with this being out of scope for this PR, i can have another PR soon ish to fix all of these on NIC. These have been the placeholders for a while.
